Psalm 136 Oh give thanks to the Lord for
he is good for his mercy endures forever
Oh give thanks to the God of gods for
his mercy endures forever oh give thanks
to the Lord of lords for His mercy
endures forever to him who alone does
great wonders for his mercy endures
forever to him who by wisdom made the
heavens for His mercy endures forever to
him who laid out the earth above the
waters for His mercy endures forever to
him who made great lights for his mercy
endures forever the Sun to rule by day
for his mercy endures forever
the moon and stars to rule by night for
his mercy endures forever to him who
struck Egypt in their firstborn for his
mercy endures forever
and brought out Isreal from among them
for his mercy endures forever with a
strong hand and with an outstretched arm
for his mercy endures forever to him who
divided the Red Sea into for his mercy
endures forever and made Israel passed
through the midst of it for his mercy
endures forever but overthrew Pharaoh
and his army in the red sea for his
mercy endures forever to him who led his
people through the wilderness for his
mercy endures forever to him who struck
down great quines
for his mercy endures forever and slew
famous kings for his mercy endures
forever scion keen of the amorite s--
for his mercy endures forever and OGG he
Novation
for His mercy endures forever and gave
their land as a heritage for His mercy
endures forever a heritage to Israel his
servant for His mercy endures forever
who remembered us in our lowly State for
his mercy endures forever and rescued us
from our enemies for His mercy endures
forever
who gives food to all flesh for His
mercy endures forever
oh give thanks to the God of heaven for
his mercy endures forever
[Music]